scratchcard 1 wins 4 points
scratchcard 2 wins 16 points
scratchcard 3 wins 512 points
scratchcard 4 wins 64 points
scratchcard 5 wins 256 points
scratchcard 6 wins 512 points
scratchcard 7 wins 512 points
scratchcard 8 wins 16 points
scratchcard 9 wins 16 points
scratchcard 10 wins 128 points
scratchcard 11 wins 2 points
scratchcard 12 wins 16 points
scratchcard 13 wins 32 points
scratchcard 14 wins 16 points
scratchcard 15 wins 256 points
scratchcard 16 wins 256 points
scratchcard 17 wins 0 points
scratchcard 18 wins 2 points
scratchcard 19 wins 8 points
scratchcard 20 wins 16 points
scratchcard 21 wins 4 points
scratchcard 22 wins 4 points
scratchcard 23 wins 1 points
scratchcard 24 wins 0 points
scratchcard 25 wins 0 points
scratchcard 26 wins 2 points
scratchcard 27 wins 64 points
scratchcard 28 wins 16 points
scratchcard 29 wins 2 points
scratchcard 30 wins 512 points
scratchcard 31 wins 64 points
scratchcard 32 wins 16 points
scratchcard 33 wins 4 points
scratchcard 34 wins 1 points
scratchcard 35 wins 2 points
scratchcard 36 wins 8 points
scratchcard 37 wins 8 points
scratchcard 38 wins 4 points
scratchcard 39 wins 4 points
scratchcard 40 wins 0 points
scratchcard 41 wins 0 points
scratchcard 42 wins 0 points
scratchcard 43 wins 0 points
scratchcard 44 wins 32 points
scratchcard 45 wins 8 points
scratchcard 46 wins 32 points
scratchcard 47 wins 128 points
scratchcard 48 wins 512 points
scratchcard 49 wins 4 points
scratchcard 50 wins 2 points
scratchcard 51 wins 0 points
scratchcard 52 wins 16 points
scratchcard 53 wins 16 points
scratchcard 54 wins 8 points
scratchcard 55 wins 1 points
scratchcard 56 wins 0 points
scratchcard 57 wins 0 points
scratchcard 58 wins 0 points
scratchcard 59 wins 8 points
scratchcard 60 wins 4 points
scratchcard 61 wins 64 points
scratchcard 62 wins 512 points
scratchcard 63 wins 256 points
scratchcard 64 wins 1 points
scratchcard 65 wins 16 points
scratchcard 66 wins 512 points
scratchcard 67 wins 512 points
scratchcard 68 wins 512 points
scratchcard 69 wins 512 points
scratchcard 70 wins 64 points
scratchcard 71 wins 0 points
scratchcard 72 wins 4 points
scratchcard 73 wins 0 points
scratchcard 74 wins 64 points
scratchcard 75 wins 2 points
scratchcard 76 wins 1 points
scratchcard 77 wins 2 points
scratchcard 78 wins 4 points
scratchcard 79 wins 2 points
scratchcard 80 wins 0 points
scratchcard 81 wins 0 points
scratchcard 82 wins 512 points
scratchcard 83 wins 512 points
scratchcard 84 wins 4 points
scratchcard 85 wins 512 points
scratchcard 86 wins 32 points
scratchcard 87 wins 32 points
scratchcard 88 wins 512 points
scratchcard 89 wins 32 points
scratchcard 90 wins 4 points
scratchcard 91 wins 32 points
scratchcard 92 wins 16 points
scratchcard 93 wins 8 points
scratchcard 94 wins 64 points
scratchcard 95 wins 8 points
scratchcard 96 wins 0 points
scratchcard 97 wins 0 points
scratchcard 98 wins 0 points
scratchcard 99 wins 0 points
scratchcard 100 wins 0 points
scratchcard 101 wins 0 points
scratchcard 102 wins 512 points
scratchcard 103 wins 8 points
scratchcard 104 wins 512 points
scratchcard 105 wins 512 points
scratchcard 106 wins 64 points
scratchcard 107 wins 4 points
scratchcard 108 wins 0 points
scratchcard 109 wins 32 points
scratchcard 110 wins 4 points
scratchcard 111 wins 1 points
scratchcard 112 wins 1 points
scratchcard 113 wins 1 points
scratchcard 114 wins 2 points
scratchcard 115 wins 1 points
scratchcard 116 wins 0 points
scratchcard 117 wins 1 points
scratchcard 118 wins 512 points
scratchcard 119 wins 128 points
scratchcard 120 wins 512 points
scratchcard 121 wins 0 points
scratchcard 122 wins 512 points
scratchcard 123 wins 512 points
scratchcard 124 wins 512 points
scratchcard 125 wins 16 points
scratchcard 126 wins 0 points
scratchcard 127 wins 256 points
scratchcard 128 wins 512 points
scratchcard 129 wins 0 points
scratchcard 130 wins 32 points
scratchcard 131 wins 16 points
scratchcard 132 wins 128 points
scratchcard 133 wins 0 points
scratchcard 134 wins 64 points
scratchcard 135 wins 0 points
scratchcard 136 wins 1 points
scratchcard 137 wins 0 points
scratchcard 138 wins 4 points
scratchcard 139 wins 1 points
scratchcard 140 wins 0 points
scratchcard 141 wins 0 points
scratchcard 142 wins 512 points
scratchcard 143 wins 512 points
scratchcard 144 wins 128 points
scratchcard 145 wins 4 points
scratchcard 146 wins 256 points
scratchcard 147 wins 32 points
scratchcard 148 wins 512 points
scratchcard 149 wins 256 points
scratchcard 150 wins 64 points
scratchcard 151 wins 512 points
scratchcard 152 wins 512 points
scratchcard 153 wins 1 points
scratchcard 154 wins 1 points
scratchcard 155 wins 0 points
scratchcard 156 wins 1 points
scratchcard 157 wins 8 points
scratchcard 158 wins 16 points
scratchcard 159 wins 8 points
scratchcard 160 wins 1 points
scratchcard 161 wins 2 points
scratchcard 162 wins 4 points
scratchcard 163 wins 0 points
scratchcard 164 wins 1 points
scratchcard 165 wins 0 points
scratchcard 166 wins 8 points
scratchcard 167 wins 16 points
scratchcard 168 wins 0 points
scratchcard 169 wins 128 points
scratchcard 170 wins 2 points
scratchcard 171 wins 16 points
scratchcard 172 wins 1 points
scratchcard 173 wins 64 points
scratchcard 174 wins 8 points
scratchcard 175 wins 8 points
scratchcard 176 wins 1 points
scratchcard 177 wins 8 points
scratchcard 178 wins 1 points
scratchcard 179 wins 2 points
scratchcard 180 wins 0 points
scratchcard 181 wins 0 points
scratchcard 182 wins 512 points
scratchcard 183 wins 512 points
scratchcard 184 wins 512 points
scratchcard 185 wins 0 points
scratchcard 186 wins 256 points
scratchcard 187 wins 512 points
scratchcard 188 wins 256 points
scratchcard 189 wins 64 points
scratchcard 190 wins 2 points
scratchcard 191 wins 32 points
scratchcard 192 wins 32 points
scratchcard 193 wins 8 points
scratchcard 194 wins 8 points
scratchcard 195 wins 4 points
scratchcard 196 wins 2 points
scratchcard 197 wins 0 points
scratchcard 198 wins 0 points
Scatchcards parsed: 198
Total: 21138
